Make EndGroup in Subscription filters a diff (#1470)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

immediately destroy relevant state. Objects MUST NOT be sent for requests that
end with an error.

### Subscription Filters {#subscription-filters}

Subscribers can specify a filter on a subscription indicating to the publisher
which Objects to send.  Subscriptions without a filter pass all Objects
published or received via upstream subscriptions.

> All filters have a Start Location and an optional End Group Diff.  Only objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All filters have a Start Location and an optional End Group Delta.  Only objects
```

AbsoluteRange (0x4): The filter Start Location and End Group are specified
explicitly. The specified `Start Location` MAY be less than the `Largest Object`
observed at the publisher. If the specified `End Group Diff` is zero, the
remainder of that Group passes the filter. Otherwise, the last Group ID to be

> delivered will the Group ID in 'Start Location' plus the 'End Group Diff'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
observed at the publisher. If the specified `End Group Delta` is zero, the
remainder of that Group passes the filter. Otherwise, the last Group ID to be
delivered will the Group ID in 'Start Location' plus the 'End Group Delta'.
```
